
reference links
1. https://www.framer.com/api/

Framer Library - a JavaScript library made for rapid interactive prototyping for web and mobile
The Framer API was designed to work closely with Framer X, but is great as a standalone library. 
Framer Library v0.10

1.Framer provides helpers for advanced physics-based animation, complex touch-based gestures and common componets for scrolling, paging and interface flows.
2. It's designed to allow beginners to explore digital product ideas without boundaries.

It builds on following technologies.
1. React - A library to define components and build interfaces. It provides structure to your project by default so you can eaily re-use and share.
2. JSX - A way to use HTML-like syntax directly inside JavaScript so that you can express document structures in a familiar way.
3. TypeScript - An optional extension to ES6 JavaScript to add types so your editor understands the code you are writing, and can provide excellent inline autocomplete and documentation.


Installation
1. npm install framer

Importing
import { Frame, Scroll, useCycle } from "framer"


1. A set of properties and helpers for high performance, declarative animations.
2. Animations in Framer are primarily controlled via the Frame component.
3. The key properties are animate and transition, which take a variety of options to customize animations.
4. All the animation properties and helpers are included when you import Frame, with the exception of useCycle.

Animate

Cycle
1. A more extensive example would be toggle the scale value on a tap, which uses the useCycle hook through a set of values.
2. You can also use useCycle to cycle between sets of visual properties.


Dragging
1. You can eaily make any Frame draggable by using drag property.
2. To constrain dragging to a vertical or horizontal axis, you can include an optional "x" or "y" value.

Scrolling
1. For scrolling, you can wrap any content inside a Scroll component, which exceeds the size of the component either vertically or horizontally.

